Hey, what's wrong with you?
I don't know.
Maybe a little allergic
I also feel a heartbeat
Am I allergic too?
What's the matter, teacher?
Zhang Fangjia Zhang Fangjia
Hey, Mr. Ye, didn't I tell you?
I am allergic to lily pollen
Why did you put the lilies on?
Mr. Ye
This is the new down, I don't know the situation yet.
Move away quickly
I'm sorry, Mr. Yan will move away now
Wanli, are you allergic to lilies?
I don't know.
I remember raising lilies once when I was a kid
It was as long back then as it is now.
My mom won't let me keep it
I don't know if it's a fan of white pollen.
Lin Wenli's room
Two yards more than yesterday
Hey wait weird
Three red teeth
What kind of superhuman power, the same red mole?
Same pollen allergy
Why is it so coincidental?
Zhiyuan, you said this
What does it portend?
I think you and Wen Li have a special fate
Why don't you take a paternity test?
Zhiyuan, you are here again
Scum is my daughter
No.
I mean you and Wenli take a paternity test